Good afternoon Welcome to know what L London rest your
speaking with my Haitian reservation some help it's very.
Tell me a shower you, I'm good thank you. How
are you doing today?
Yeah, good. Thank you for asking I'm just a quick
question I use time we have an event but.
The Weather Channel, London breath this Saturday, but partially genic,
sausage and it's super Saturday is that Kim fields.
But you cannot just wanted to see what their deal
would be with parking in Verona. We reject understated some
free parking spaces or?
Play Eminem.
Forever normally the parking is only a first come first
serve not be playbook. And that will be the price.
We have it'll be 1000 feet and store.
Weather today.
On the trip on 50 pounds followed by the number
didn't. But with regard to the event. Let me quickly
confirm with the consent in.
The name of the event again, please.
Yep is called super Saturday Supercade Alright and um may
take your name, please so it doesn't called.
Yes, course of Science and Henderson.
Text message can you hold the language so that quickly
check on this f****** weekend? Yeah, I was thinking.
Please hold while your call is routed.
Never tell London washed welcome.
For individual reservation, please press one for a group reservation
more than 7 wounds and cheese criteria for another service
in the hotel.
Please translate.
Good afternoon sun worship service.
Hum and girlfriend is my husband with a recent thing.
I have a caller on line looking for the scared
of other event on the Saturday the 23rd of June.
They have some special event of our rates for the
Saturday night. They want to know about the parking will
have any discount reprising surpassing that's really nice.
Another popular be discounted is 3 pounds in 4 residents
of the 1 pound 15 and one.
Yes, I have the prices for their normal for the
residence in London. Just want to know if it's because
they have a special event.
Is there any discounted rates were talking also?
Gotta fight the alarm code for information in your name
again, please.
Rebecca Burger Burger Wonderful Remember Byron.
Central and started reading this sort of thing.
No right, yeah, so I'm talking to talking is always
up right so it 's a reason for vengeance in
the hotel. It'll be £1.60 per hour, so the non
residents to be 3 pounds, 50 times, Paramus certain number
of friends.
And we have a popular and pop pop 40 parking
spaces, which is our first come first serve basis, so
in case you're outside in the parking on side.
We have another parking close by walkable distance at the
Kingston Mall Parking.
OK, that will be a 27 pound, 24 hours in
the parking for the hydrogen bond fund management area.
OK, okay, um perfect that that should I need to
send you a picture. I know about 5 minutes.
For anything else will let you know.
Not at 7 thank you. Happy thanks for calling know
what language wonderful day.
You think about the money.